LICENSE ADDENDUM 
or 
SOME STUFF WE WOULD LIKE YOU TO DO WITHOUT BEING ALL LEGAL ABOUT IT

First off, Local Projects sees Change By Us as a network, a phenomenon, a way
for the Us to really be everyone, not just specific cities or locations. People
move, things change, but we like to have some consistency in our experience. The
requests below are based on this larger mindset.

ATTRIBUTION

Local Projects, LLC (http://localprojects.net) envisioned and designed Change By
Us for the city of New York. The team at Local Projects worked hard to create an
easy-to-use, attractive, and easy to fork platform. We would like to make the
modest request of an attribution using our logo if you have an attribution page.
Ideally the attributions that we have in the About page should remain, and the
front-page shoud retain the credits block.

If you would like to change or remove the attribution, please contact
info@changeby.us and perhaps let us know why, so that we can
potentially apply that change across the Change By Us network.

DESIGN GUIDELINES

Change By Us is a platform that benefits from a certain amount of consistency in
design. Local Projects' User Experience team has worked hard to create a
compelling interface which has been user tested, and has had very positive
feedback. We recognize that every implementation will want to have a certain
amount of customization and a uniqueness to characterize the city/locality.
However the guiding principles of usability and design should be retained so
that users across cities feel like there's a consistent storyline to the Change
By Us experience. The Us in Change By Us should be a growing body of people.
Retaining a consistent design between cities and implementations allows people
to migrate as they will and feel like there's still a community that they can
fit into. So Philly's Change By Us and New York's Change By Us may have
different characters, but ultimately the Us is still ... um ... Us :)

To this end we request that any changes you make try to be within the
implemented design. Local Projects' design team is also available to help
structure your design, so please feel free to reach out to us at
help@changeby.us

We also recognize that there are design patterns that we may not have considered
or functionality that is not satisfied by our current implementation. If you
have a new design idea or significant changes to our design we'd like to work
with you to incorporate the design across the different Change By Us
implementations. Again this is to keep the consistency of the complete
experience. Please reach out to us at help@changeby.us and we'll work
with you to create a great user experience. 
